---
layout: post
title: "v0.6: Endorsements, Fancy Mobile Nav, Easy Form Access
datestring: Tuesday, March 11, 2014
---

Several changes are out this week, mostly focusing on he Website Builder. The navbar menu for mobile devices has been upgraded to look and feel like a native mobile app. We also have an endorsements section, and easier access to your form signups. The full list of changes is below.

### Candidate Website### 
* A new "Endorsements" section has been added to the homepage, if the user configures one or more endorsements in the Website Builder. (#1992)
* Top navbar now always contains no more than four entries, which change depending on the features that the user has enabled. (#2007, #2021)
* On mobile and tablet devices, the top navbar has been replaced with a "native mobile"-feeling sliding menu. (#1972, #2003)
* The size of the logo image now has more predictable behavior across screen sizes and never overruns into the navbar. (#2018, #2019)
* A small visual inconsistency in the top navbar has been fixed, which was only present if the "DONATE" link was unset. (#1964)

### Website Builder### 
* A new "Form Signups" page has been added, allowing the user to see tallies per form and to download data as a spreadsheet. (#1699)
* Self-hosted websites are no longer supported. (#1700)
* The default view is now Laptop, instead of Desktop. (#2011)
* The dropdown navigation menu is now working again. (#2017)

### Platform### 
* Some CSS and font assets have been reorganized and are now hosted on our servers instead of at a third-party CDN. (#1379)

### Call Time Tracker### 
* The Angular.js dependency has been upgraded to a more recent version. (#1642)
