---
layout: post
title: "v0.2.4: Tidying Up, and Better Error Reporting"
datestring: Wednesday, February 5, 2014
---

As we make ready to onboard our first round of beta users, our work over the last couple weeks has focused on polishing up the UI and making sure our error-tracking systems are robust enough that we can quickly diagnose and fix anything that might come up post-launch. 

This week's release contains several minor bugfixes, a few cosmetic adjustments, and improved load times for PIES apps and the home screen. Most importantly perhaps, our error-tracking system, Sentry, now sends more helpful reports to help us more quickly diagnose any problems (which we are sure to encounter when our first users start doing things we didn't expect). This isn't a change you'll directly notice, but it will mean better support and a more robust platform moving forward.

### Candidate Website### 
* After-action "Thanks" page no longer display's the user's IP address. (#1585)
**Note: To take advantage of the new Thanks page, you'll need to log in to the Website Builder and republish your site.**

### Website Builder### 
* On the "Domains" page, the content in the well now has a lighter font weight. (#1658)

### Social Linker### 
* When the Social Linker tells a user that she needs to set up Bitly, she will be redirected back to the Social Linker after successful Bitly setup. When setting up Bitly without being prompted by the Social Linker, she will not be redirected to the Social Linker when setup is complete. (#1481)

### Platform### 
* Our server error tracking system, Sentry, now tracks the campaign and username associated with each error, so that we can more easily debug problems and reach out to users when we see that they experienced a server error. (#1813)
* The submit button on the footer's help form no longer jiggles around when you hover over it. (#1367)
* Our SVG files are now much smaller, which will reduce page load times a bit. (#1429)
