---
layout: post
title: "v0.5: New Pages and Content Types for the Website Builder"
datestring: Monday, March 3, 2014
---

This week's release contains the much-anticipated Candidate Website News Page! Head on over to the Website Builder and add a story or two. There's also an 'About' page which you can use for a candidate bio and/or some information about your district. The about page can take an image, and the news page accepts a number of content types like a YouTube video or SoundCloud clip.

We've also cleaned up the mobile and tablet styles to avoid strange behaviors around certain screen widths, added a default favicon, and improved the 404 page. As always: **to take advantage of these changes, you will need to log in to the Website Builder and republish your site.**

The complete list of released changes is below.

### Platform### 
* Consolidated CSS breakpoints for more consistent and predictable behavior at different screen widths (#1966)

### Candidate Website### 
* A new "News" feature has been added, allowing campaigns to post press clippings of the candidate in the news. Each news entry may contain a text excerpt, a link to an original source article, and either an image, a YouTube video clip or a Soundcloud audio clip. Content is managed via a new "NEWS" accordion section in the website builder. (#1903)
* A new "About" feature has been added, providing a page with a brief biography and optional headshot of the candidate. This page will appear if the campaign enters content into the new "Candidate Biography" inputs which can be found in the "CONTENT" accordion section of the website builder. (#1943)
* The "Issues" page now looks better on small screens. (#1961)
* The 404 page has been updated to include more appropriate text and is now always at least 400px tall. (#1546)
* Websites are now always published with a white-star-on-blue favicon, which is not configurable by the user. (#1710)

### Website Builder### 
* The list of pages in the sidebar's dropdown menu is now dynamic, and changes to reflect the pages that are currently included in the website. For example, the dropdown will contain an "ISSUES" navigation option if and only if the campaign has entered at least one Issue and has therefore enabled the "Issues" page feature. (#1969)
* The user-inputted Donate URL is now assumed to include a full refcode if the user wants to include a refcode. The system no longer tries to append a refcode to the Donate URL.