---
layout: post
title: "v0.5.1: Google Analytics, Image Uploader, Account Management"
datestring: Thursday, March 6, 2014
---

We've fixed a bug that prevented the Google Analytics snipprt from showing up on some sites, made a host of upgrades to the image uploader widget, and put some work into our account-management screens. We've also fixed a number of bugs you all (our beta users) identified through your use. So, as always, thanks! The full list of feature enhancements and bugfixes is below.

**Note: to take advantage of any changes to the website, you'll have to log in and republish your site.**

### Call Time Tracker### 
* Fixed an API bug that prevented the "collected via phone" statistic from being saved to the database, and therefore caused that column's data to be lost after a page reload. 
* The API has been changed to return a more technically correct "Resource Does Not Exist" response if no data has been saved yet in the database. This should not result in any user-visible changes. 

### Candidate Website### 
* Google Analytics code now works properly if the campaign has provided a Google Analytics Key to enable this feature. Previously it caused a Javascript error and hits were not correctly logged in Google Analytics. 
* On medium-width screens, the campaign logo will now shrink as necessary to prevent overlap with long topnav bars. 
* On the website homepage, if a splash image is in use, the "Why I'm Running" / "Sign Up For Updates" panel now has the same amount of padding on its left side and its right side. Previously it had twice as much padding on its left side. 

### Guides & Resources### 
* The Event Sign Up and Office Sign Up sheets have been updated. They now indicate that, by giving an email address, the user is opting in for email updates from the campaign. 

### Platform### 
* When a user first logs in via the link in the "Welcome" email, the account's last_login date will be set. 
* When a user logs in via a "Password Reset" email, the user will be taken to the site homepage instead of the "Welcome" screen. Users logging in for the first time via a "Welcome" email will still be taken to the "Welcome" screen afterwards. 
* All libraries that the application depends on have been frozen to a specific version to ensure more reliable deployments. This should not result in any user-visible changes. 

### Social Linker### 
* Twitter and Facebook icons in Step 2 section no longer shift over by one pixel when they are activated or deactivated. 

### Website Builder### 
* After an image has been chosen and uploaded, it is now possible to remove that image: the Save and Preview buttons will activate themselves after the user clicks "remove". Previously the Save and Preview buttons remained disabled after clicking "remove", which prevented the user from finalizing the removal of the image. 
* Individual entries on the "News" section can now have individual embedded images. Previously a bug caused them all to share a single image: if you upload an image for News Entry #1 and then upload a different image for News Entry #4, the new image would override the one chosen for News Entry #1 as well. 
* The "About" section now uses an Image Uploader widget for its headshot photo. Previously it was inadvertently using a "Enter an Image URL" text field. 
* When removing a previously uploaded image in Safari, the user will now see the proper visual cue to indicate that the image has been successfully removed. Previously the user saw no visual cue when using Safari. 
* When visiting the website builder page, there is no longer a brief flash of two ">" characters before the application loads. 
* Code for the Image Uploader widgets has been refactored and combined to live in one place, so that bugs fixed for one image uploader will affect all image uploaders equally. This should not result in any user-visible changes. 
